>> Now what I'm going to be
talking about is the latest
publication that I have written,
the Deceptions of Gods and Men.
Now, this particular book,
it will be a challenge for us
when we review the information.
When we perceive these
fraudulent messages
from beyond, and it reveals
a disturbing connection
with the world of the paranormal
ufology, cryptozoology,
and the occult.
Now what we tend to find is
with this phenomena, when
we continue to work
with it, we find
that there is a high level of
deception that comes through.
And this is something we
need to be very aware of.
We need to listen
to what we're being
told through our own
gift of discernment.
Now there is a lot of
phenomena that they
use to interact with us on,
and there are many masks
as to how that will appear.
But it's up to us
on how we decipher
that particular
information, and if we
wish to accept that information
is more important as well.
Now when we tend to
have this encounter,
we have what we call
the 20-second window.
When the appearance
happens, and for instance,
if we're looking into the area
of ufology in its truest form,
not the made stuff that
we're creating nowadays,
we tend to find this, for
instance, the light in the sky,
flashing light.
That is the hook and bait.
That's something
very, very important.
Within the 20-second
rule, what we tend to see
is if we are not
listening to our instinct,
our gift of discernment,
then the 20-second rule
can be overridden.
Within the 20
seconds, our instincts
are telling us what I'm seeing
is right, or it's wrong.
And if your body
is already engaging
with particular key factors
that I will talk about later,
and you're not listening to it,
then after this 20-second rule,
then all is lost because
within that, the body then
tends to be pushed into
a theta brain rhythm
with the observer effect.
But within the feed
of band rhythm,
we tend to find that
this is a place where
we would go to within
deep meditation as adults.
And it's also a place where we
find hypnotic suggestion works
the best.
And also the idea of
false memory coming in
can also be placed there during
this particular instance.
So the 20-second rule
is very, very important
with the initial encounter.
And that comes with all of it.
The hook and bait is
what I talked about,
is to get ahead of our response,
our innate curiosity, which
we all have when we
see this going off.
What's that?
So we all want to see it.
And I am no more different
than everyone sitting here
in the audience.
Our fascination is
captured by the phenomena.
And after that, after that
20-second rule, we're hooked.
Now we can see this
style of hook and bait
across all of the
fringe research fields.
And when we consider this aspect
of the false memory, the screen
memory, which is a term that
we tend to find within ufology.
Screen memory in itself
blocks traumatic events.
And it's a way for our
brain to block it out.
But you must understand, for a
screen memory to take effect,
it's because of
something we saw.
That is the trigger.
Now the big question is are we
using it, or are they using it?
Because there are
many people who have
encounters, even within this
room, who have encounters,
but they can't remember.
But there are key
signatures within the body
in which we can identify
those particular encounters.
Now again, the big
question is what are you?
When we initially
make that encounter,
what exactly are you that's
coming through and wanting
to communicate with us?
Now within the greater
fields of research,
we tend to find within ufology.
For instance, we tend
to find missing time.
That phenomena of missing time.
Someone arrives at a site.
And suddenly, two hours, three
hours later, they're back
but they can't explain
where that time went.
This is a phenomena very, very
common within the UFO field.
The mischievous nature
behind the phenomena
can also be a problem.
Abduction, mutilation,
conscious connection.
Again, we're back to this
aspect of the hook and bait.
They have that
conscious connection
that they need to
link to you on.
And again, as I
indicated in the panel,
there is an esoteric
value to this
in which it can be summoned.
The CE5 is a perfect example.
It can be summoned.
People sitting in meditation.
There beam the lights up.
The intention is there.
Intention is everything.
And this is another aspect
that we need to consider.
The deception that comes
with the true phenomena.
And not only that.
And this is something
that you tend
not to hear within a lot
of the ufology field,
is their aversion to iron.
The Greys hate iron.
Why?
Now when we cross this
list, a very short list
of an extended piece of
course into Earth spirits,
the world of the djinn, the
old gods, it's all the same.
The phenomena is the same.
And this is something that we
started to do within the book.
Myself and Brian
Allen, when we read it,
we wanted to look at
the phenomena and see
how do we identify this?
How do we follow this phenomenon
back into the ages of time?
Because when we were
tracking the images
of the old gods, of the jinn, of
the Earth spirits, of the UFO,
and of the beings said
to be in the UFOs,
we kept arriving at a brick
wall because suddenly,
there was nothing more after
that particular period in time.
We were losing them.
But when we stripped the
mask away and started
tracking the phenomena, which
is listed here on the boards,
that's whenever we
started tracking them back
into time and back
into the early periods
of the Mesopotamian period.
So we can track them
back through history
and see where they've
been interfering with us.
And that opened up a
whole can of worms.
Now I have to say, this
particular aversion to iron
is something that we
really need to address.
Why iron?
It seems that
initial investigation
into this particular
phenomenon would
suggest that has to
do with the biofield.
When you introduce iron
into a magnetic field,
it boosts the field.
Now when we look at
other phenomena that
appears within the
paranormal realm,
such as the night attacks.
Many of you will have
heard of the incubus
and the succubus attacks
that attacked sleepers
in the confines
of their bedrooms.
Now there is a difference
between the incubus
and succubus and sleep
paralysis, the scientific term
of sleep paralysis.
Two distinct characteristics.
But with the incubus
and succubus,
it's interesting to know that
nine times out of 10, they will
attack women more than men.
Why?
Because when the women
enter their monthly cycle,
many become anemic.
The iron count drops.
They wait.
They're predatorial.
They will wait
until that happens.
That's when they strike.
Greys, as I said, and I've had
personal experience with this,
Greys are petrified
of this phenomenon.
We also know Brian,
of course, sitting
at the back of the room,
is also aware of stories
of the djinn in which
iron was the element that
counteracted its approach.
Now, the trinity of life.
For this, we really have
to understand who we are.
And this is very,
very important.
You see, we live
in a modern society
in which we use the
term soul and spirit,
and it's interchangeable.
We find this within the
metaphysical fields.
My soul, this my spirit,
whatever the case may be.
And it's all the same thing.
This is our mistake.
Our ancestors spoke about this.
And the two are separate.
Two distinct aspects in us
that join within the body
and form a trinity.
The soul's job is to keep the
body alive as long as possible.
This meatsuit.
And it's the source of
our psychic abilities.
All our psychic abilities
are signatures of the soul.
It's thriving,
and it really does
thrive in our lowest
energies that deals with our
wants, our needs, our lusts.
But it also keeps the
meatsuit alive as long as
possible because that allows
the spirit to experience.
Now when you have a balanced
system, that is perfect.
For many of us, we do
have a balanced system.
And we go through life, and
we don't experience anything.
The body, of course,
as I say, is the vessel
for the soul and spirit.
But it should be also noted
that from the pages of the Opera
Omnia, the texts speak of the
power, a balanced shadow, which
is the soul.
The balanced shadow possesses,
stating demons fear shadows.
Now that means that what's
outside is afraid of us.
A perfectly balanced trinity.
They fear to come near
us because our soul is
designed to keep us safe.
Now everything that has
lived possesses a soul.
That goes without question.
And days after
death of the vessel,
the soul returns to its origin.
And this is a very
important point.
It returns to a
place of nothing.
Absolute nothing.
The Scole Experiment on
the 6th of March 1998
was exceptional in what it did.
Now they made contact
with an entity
known as Sharoness that
came from a dimension
of nothingness.
Here we start to see the
clues that is coming back
through the veil.
And this also is related
to the other experiences
within ufology and the
other things as well.
So within the Scole
Experiment that
run for a five-year
period, the centers
were meeting twice a week.
And there are some people
here within the audience
who did attend that particular
series of experiments.
And they got to witness
the phenomena themselves.
And the information that
was in that was vital,
but there were some
nuggets of information
that came through that were
really essential for us
understanding what was beyond
the veil for the shadow,
for the soul.
It was at point of
death, it should
be noted, that when the
soul breaks from the body,
according to the
ancient texts, they
do retain knowledge of their
life of which they had lived
and have access to all
knowledge within the void.
All the knowledge that
retracts back after death.
Today, we call it the
global consciousness,
and Edgar Cayce called
it the Akashic records.
Now we can also access
the Akashic records.
Many of us in here are
practitioners, of course,
understand that we can
tap in to the knowledge.
That knowledge is
beyond the veil.
We use our shadows, our souls
to access that, remote viewing.
All of this psychic
abilities are
all aspects of the soul, which
manifest through the body.
So those are the
things to consider.
And especially when we
think about that, it's us,
we can open the portals and
the vortexes to the other side.
The doorways which lead
us to these other places.
Now how do we do that?
It's exceptionally easy.
And we've got shows,
which of course, I'm
responsible in part.
We have shows that will go
into a haunted property,
and we use such an easy
thing as a voice recorder.
Is there anyone there?
Can you come close to me?
That intent is
all that it takes.
That intent, even from a
euphological standpoint,
is all that it takes.
We stand outside.
We make that contact.
Oh, I hope I can see them.
I hope, I want.
That intention is there.
It's the intention
that draws it in.
It opens the door to that.
The problem within
the modern sense
of paranormal
investigating, of course,
is that although we may open
the door, we forget to close it.
And that can cause
a real problem.
Because although you go into
a property and you think,
oh, well, there
was nothing there.
I tried, and we left.
There's nothing to say that two
days later, two weeks later,
two months later, that
the phenomena will finally
come through.
So we have to be very,
very aware of that.
And another aspect to this,
the paranormal investigating,
of course, is the Ouija board.
It gets a bad rap.
A bad rap.
And I have to say
that that, of course,
is a concentration
of the intent.
You've now gone from one
person with a voice recorder
to four people wanting this
communication to develop.
You've created a bigger door.
And a lot of people
don't understand that.
And that, of course,
can be a problem.
The late Robert Monroe,
he was a prolific out
of body experiencer.
He is also someone
that experienced
this place of nothing.
And it seems that it was a
place very, very close to us.
And he talked about when
he released himself,
and he could do this within
the laboratory conditions.
And eventually
ended up setting up
the Monroe Institute
in Virginia,
which is still active today.
But what he could do is release
himself, decouple himself
from the body and go.
Again, this is an aspect.
It's the ability of the soul to
do what it was designed to do.
And he talked about
this area between here
and there, in which
there was almost
like an ocean of nothingness.
Blackness.
But he talked about the
things that were in there.
He said, there was almost
like an entity of itself
within the darkness.
It was rudimentary
in its basic forms,
but could think independently.
He said, we can
attract its attention
when we're passing over to
get to that other place.
He also said that when
he was crossing over,
he got to learn to slow down.
He had to travel across this
vastness of nothing, slowly.
Because if he traveled fast,
he caught their attention.
But the warning that
he gave before he died
is that when we're
coming back, we
have to be equally calm and
collected and travel back
slowly.
Because if we don't we attract
the denizens underneath,
and we can draw them
back into this world.
And that in itself takes
the form of the shadow.
In the Scole Experiments,
the researchers
were informed that these things,
whatever form they came in,
came from a dimension
not far from our own.
So here we are.
We're looking at this
dimensional aspect
to this world that
we're living in.
Something which is
exceptionally close to us.
And we could intentionally
open the door just by saying,
is there anyone there?
And that was enough
to make it happen.
There are, of course,
improved techniques
to detect, and communicate,
and defend ourselves
from the shadow.
And to understand our
perception and the way
we understand our
bodies, we have
to really look at the signals
and understand the signals that
are coming to us
through our body, which
are signals via the soul.
The soul is your
first line of defense.
As you enter a property.
And for instance,
a lot of people
will understand real estate.
That when we go into a
property, and although there
could be four walls, and there's
nothing there to stimulate us,
yet we get this amazing feeling.
We say, that's great.
That feeling is tremendous.
And we can buy the property
just by own feeling.
And 75% of properties are
bought on feeling according
to real estate agents.
But yet, equally, we
can walk into a property
and say, no, I don't like this.
There's something
not right here.
And we leave.
Well, what is that?
That's our signal.
That's our shadow
telling us, be aware.
There's another shadow here.
Whenever I wrote the
book The Influence,
which was available at
the back of the room,
it is all gone now.
That, particular book,
I was given a warning.
And I didn't understand
the Warning at the time
when it came through.
It said, don't become too
bright, or they see you.
And I thought, what does
that actually refer to?
And it turned out
that it was very
prolific to what was to come.
Our shadow communicates
effectively,
triggering biological
responses through the body,
and are usually ignored.
Now I've talked about
the real estate,
about the way that we go into
a property, and we feel it.
And we examine that.
But many of the clues
of potential dangers
can actually happen before
the events took place.
Now to understand the signals
that were coming through,
there were laboratory
tests that were
being conducted on biofeedback.
And during these
tests, the computer
was selecting random images.
And these images were
kitty cats, flowers,
children laughing.
All of the mundane things
that made us feel great.
And as we continually
watch this,
the computer randomly selected
a picture of a car accident.
Now as we were sitting on
the computer being monitored,
and we were looking at
these wonderful happy
go lucky pictures, our
skin resistance lowered.
It liked what it was seeing.
It went into this state in
which everything was nice
and relaxed.
But when the photograph came
of the car accident, suddenly,
our skin resistance shot up.
Our body started
to prepare itself.
The fight or flight
was cutting in.
It didn't like
what it was seeing.
That's how we understood
our gift of discernment.
Because as the program
continued, and the 15 minutes
rolled into half an hour,
which rolled into an hour, what
we started to see
was that milliseconds
before the picture of the
car accident took place,
the body started to react.
The body was
reacting to something
that still hadn't happened.
So we have this innate ability
to connect to this greater
world that we have given
little credence to.
Now, the fight or flight,
our response, of course,
is the manifestation
of the shadow.
It signals the body
of potential threats,
such as other shadows
in your vicinity.
Modern diets, of course,
is something we really
need to consider,
especially today
and today's climate
because they can
affect the body's triggering
signals and our ability
to determine what's
actually going on.
And it's been readily
known for quite some time,
particular foods
and their additives,
about how that can
disorientate us.
Refined sugar can
actually switch off
our gift of discernment.
Now when we go to an
investigative field,
and whether it be
a haunted house,
whether it be a
urological field,
whether it be scripted field.
If we're going
there and we decide,
let's go to the
fast food restaurant
and get something
to eat, and we'll
have a copious amount of soda.
That can switch off your
gift of discernment.
You've effectively blinded
yourself by refined sugar.
We're now moving into
a system in which we
need our gift of discernment.
What's going on daily is
going to start challenging us.
Get off the sugar, folks.
It's imperative.
Get off the sugar.
Our fight or flight
only engages when
a shadow that hasn't our best
intention comes toward us.
If there's no threat
detected, our fight or flight
does not engage.
That's an important
thing to consider
when you're in these
environments, in which you're
depending on the 20-second rule.
If your body does
not react, and you've
got to balance within
the 20 seconds,
you will get the message, this
is not right, or this is OK.
We need to listen to that input.
We need to reconnect to
who we are as a species.
If the conscious connection
has been established quickly,
this can override the
fight or flight response.
After the 20-second rule,
that can be overridden.
So we have to be aware of
that particular time scale
when we're being introduced
to these particular places.
The combined response is
there for your safety,
and should not be ignored,
and will alert you
no matter what the appearance
the shadow may take.
And this is a very
important key point here.
No matter what image it takes.
Whether it be of a little child
eating a lollipop or whatever
the case may be.
Or a dog or a gray
alien that appears.
If it's not true,
you will pick it up.
Your shadow will alert you.
Your soul will alert you
to the true identity.
And to prepare yourself.
The fight or flight
is there for a reason.
The nuts and bolts
craft, of course,
can appear in encounters.
And it's just as
real as the solid arm
that appears in the room.
And not a lot of people
are aware of this,
that within the
Scole Experiments,
there were appendages
of bodies that
were appearing in solid state,
without the rest of the body,
of course.
But that wasn't the
only place that we were
seeing this phenomenon occur.
If we lose our
ability to discern,
we lose our primary defense
against the deception
and attachment.
That again is another
key point to consider.
Now it's interesting.
I just wanted to
put this in that it
has been reported that children,
of course, have an extra sense.
They seem to have this
ability to sense spirit,
if you want to call them that.
Ghosts and everything else
that may be around the place.
And the shadow.
And it's also said that
we train them out of it,
but that's not
necessarily the case.
You see there is a
filter that thickens
over the eye between
the ages of 7 and 13,
that narrows the spectral
resonance of a child.
So as adults, we can no longer
see what we saw as children.
Not only that, but as a child
between the ages of 2 and 6,
they also are predominantly
in the theta rhythm.
That's their strongest
brain rhythm.
That place where
meditation happens.
So they are already tuned
to what's out there.
It's also the adults
that became detuned.
But there may be actual
biological symptoms, of course,
behind that.
And drugs, drugs are another
thing that can really
affect our gift of
discernment and something
we should consider.
You see, when we leave
the body, when we project
we're leaving the body behind.
The body is your
seat of discernment.
We need it all.
So my recommendation
is if you're going out
to locations and
everything, and you're
wanting to experience this,
make sure you stay grounded.
You're there.
And the effects of DMT
should not be underestimated.
I know that there's
great drive for people
to head off to the Amazon
and have these encounters
with reptilian
creatures and everything
else on the other
side of reality
after taking a wash of DMT.
And as I said
yesterday, the idea
of purging myself from
both ends is not nice.
And I prefer not to do that.
But it should also be
noted and something
that's very rarely
talked about is
that 4% of users who glimpse
the illusion of the other side
later commit suicide.
So there's a figure that's
not really battened about.
Now between the ages
of 2 and 6, as I said,
they're predominantly dominant
within the theta rhythm.
They also have the
spectral sensitivity
that also moves into the UV
and IR sensitivity ranges.
If children are so sensitive
to shadow at times when
we need their abilities, such as
Halloween, Samhain, and Easter,
where the veil is thinnest,
according to the Celts,
between May and October, what
do we do with our children?
We send them out, and they
go for trick or treat.
We feed them full of sugar.
We blind the children from
their fight or flight.
So I'm not saying don't do it.
That's entirely up to yourself.
But it's something I would
be very, very careful about.
Now extreme encounters, when we
consider the likes of abduction
and things like that
within the UFO fields,
we see extreme experiences.
And within days to weeks, many
who have had those encounters
begin to report extra abilities
that they never knew they had.
Prophetic dreams,
extrasensory perception.
All of this starts to step up.
And they see this as a gift.
And here is something
that we draw this back,
to where we say,
this is not a gift.
Our hypothesis is that this
is an extension of our shadow
who is now stepping
up to the line
to make sure that the
trilogy or the trinity
does not experience that again.
It's our self defense
that's stepping forward.
It's the psychic
abilities that we
possess that is
coming up to defend us
from what's coming through.
And as I say, it's not a gift.
This is our own ability.
And every psychic ability,
every psychic ability
is an extension we
believe of the soul.
Now there are many
reasons as to how shadow
can get back from their origin.
We tapped on it,
of course, when we
consider the idea
of Ouija boards,
of going out into the
night sky and saying,
hopefully someone will
come down, and all of that.
The intention is there.
The intent is a key factor
here when we consider that.
Now these shadows cannot exist
in this world without attaching
themselves to or within us.
EVP sessions worldwide were
asking the same question.
How do you see us?
And this brings us back to
the influence that I wrote.
Every time the question was
asked, how do you see us,
it came back as light.
They see us as light.
And it's interesting that there
was some research done recently
in Japan, center in
Japan, in which scientists
have discovered that the
human body is producing light.
In particular, light
through the face.
Now, this is not light that
is representative of heat
and of anything
that we're doing,
exertion or anything like that.
It's totally separate.
But this light is
1,000 times less
than we can see
with the human eye.
With technology,
we're able to see it.
And it seems that it
fluctuates during the day,
but it becomes us most
powerful and emanates
the most from the face
around 4:00 in the afternoon.
And then it dissipates,
of course, at night.
We become our lowest at
night when we're in sleep.
So when we consider the
influence in which I
was given the warning
don't become too bright
or they see you, there may be
something in this after all.
Each shadow has been
stripped of its past life.
That knowledge that it possessed
and the source of its base
instincts and needs.
And basically, we're dealing
with an intelligent and deadly
animal of human origin.
That was part of us.
They can be classified, of
course, as energy vampires,
and some do.
Each trying to infuse itself
into a balanced trinity, which
can cause terrible,
terrible upheaval.
That's if it's not wanted.
Now there are some magic
and some practices,
esoteric practices that
are conducted in Romania,
in which the soul can be
targeted within individuals
and can be affected.
And there are esoteric practices
used by some practitioners that
can transmit their shadow at
point of death to a new host.
And this is something
that I was working
on when I was looking
at the infamous Aleister
Crowley, the head
of an occult line
back in the day within
the UK and Italy.
And it seemed from the research
I was doing is that they check
or they select the person
who's going to accept the soul.
And that tends to be a relative.
More so than anything, it has to
be a male no more than 10 years
of age.
And during this particular
process, the deal that is done
is so simple that it
can be as easy as giving
the child a pencil.
And the child takes the
pencil, the deal is done.
And at point of death, that
shadow leaves the practitioner
and joins then with the child.
That causes tremendous upheaval.
Absolute tremendous
upheaval within the child.
Because the child
contains his own shadow.
And which now you've got an
outside influence forcing
its impression onto the child.
And we saw this after
Crowley's death,
that his own son, who had just
seen him several weeks before,
started developing what
we would identify today
as schizophrenia.
And it was a very terrible time.
Now I have a video here in which
I want to show you the shadow
that I had captured
in New Orleans.
And this particular
house was haunted.
It had its thing going on.
But I was using
a camera that was
more sensitive to those
outer spectrums mimicking
what the child sees.
Now this particular
video is photographs
that are selected together and
made into a video sequence.
But you will see, through
the lace on the glass
into the room, which was
which led off to a staircase,
you will see the
shadow, which are
found I believe within
the ultraviolet spectrum.
Now it was two floors up, folks.
There was nothing behind me.
And I was standing
out in the balcony
when I was photographing
this particular occurrence.
The shadow, of course,
within a haunted property
can exist if there are
living beings within it.
They will feed from us.
And if it's an old
relic of a house
and there is nothing
there, then we
tend to look at a doorway
that has been opened.
And we have to find
the doorway to close it
because that will allow them
to come back and forward.
So that's what was
reported in New Orleans.
I was there some years
ago, and I'm involved
with that particular case.
Now there are locations,
I have to point out,
of magnetic disturbance,
where many of this phenomena
can be fine.
We can today, every
single one of us
has access to free
software that will allow
us to access satellite data.
In which we can put on
this particular program
that will show us magnetic
anomalies, both north and south
of the hemisphere.
Within these strong
magnetic anomalies,
we tend to find
these liminal places.
These places where
the doorways are thin,
where this phenomena can come
through in all its masks.
Whether it be UFO,
whether it be cryptids,
whether it be fairies, for
instance, are all the same.
Now Skinwalker Ranch
is a perfect example.
For the majority
of us here, we will
be aware of Skinwalker Ranch.
But Skinwalker Ranch sits
on a magnetic anomaly.
I was there in 2019.
And it sits on a
magnetic anomaly,
which is 80 miles long.
It's not just the ranch.
It's a greater magnetic anomaly.
And we find that there
are phenomena that are
appearing outside of the ranch.
There are issues as
to what the ranch is
doing that's causing
the problem there,
but I'm not going to
get into that now.
Strong positive
magnetic anomalies
present typical
poltergeist activity.
And you will also find
UFOs, mutilations,
cryptid encounters,
and disappearances
of both animal and human alike.
Negative magnetic anomalies.
Well, they're a different
kettle of fish altogether.
And what we need to
understand in regards
to the magnetic
anomalies, it looks
like we're looking at a
positive and a negative.
It's two different facets.
No.
We are looking at the same coin.
It's two faces of the same coin.
It's the same thing.
The origins are the
same for this phenomena.
The majority of
sacrificial worship sites
that our ancestors were
using, blood worship
and the spilling
of blood was huge
in negative magnetic anomalies.
And 75% of the world's
top suicide locations
also appear in negative
magnetic anomalies.
Something is drawing us in.
Something is drawing us in
to perform these actions.
It's about the blood.
There's something
about the blood.
Interestingly, 70% of the
world's weapons development
labs storage are in these areas.
Those weapons are taking
lives, much more lives
than used to be taken.
Are they communicating with
something beyond the void?
Is it possible?
Now we'll have a look.
These former temples,
they were hard to reach.
They were on top of hills.
They were on top of mountains.
Japan.
You can still
experience that today.
You climb up to the
top of the mountains
and leave the rest
of the world behind.
You reach these very,
very difficult places.
You'll find them in
lakes and on islands.
caves deep underground.
These temples were very,
very hard to reach.
This practice can be traced
to the Near East and countries
such as Syria.
Now one of these
particular beings
within the Greek
mythology we find
was the god of the wilderness,
what we would represent as Pan.
And its appearance,
it appeared as what
we would identify as Pan.
But there was another one.
There was one more being energy
entity, call it what you want,
that I wanted to focus on.
Because these beings
were known as the word.
These beings were the things
that were coming through
to our leaders, to the
elite, to our priests,
who were going to these areas,
such as the Oracle of Delphi
is one example.
They were going to these places
to commune with wisdom that
was coming through the veil.
Wisdom, of course, that
was similar to economics,
government practices, sociology,
warfare, crime, engineering,
and science.
These were the details that
they were pulling through.
And there were
prices to be paid.
But what's knowledge?
We need knowledge.
We'll pay the price.
Scientists and engineers have
been using channeling devices
to get ahead of current
technological challenges.
Now that in itself is
quite hard to believe.
What do you mean our
scientists and engineers?
Industrial companies that are
using Ouija boards to connect
to what's beyond the veil.
Looking for information.
That seems bizarre.
But there are many
traceable documents
detailing these
esoteric communication
sessions that attempted to gain
knowledge from the other side.
For instance, the
memo of the A380,
et cetera, et cetera, et cetera,
from the Douglas Aeronautics
Company in 1968 before becoming
absorbed by Boeing in 1997.
they were sponsored internally.
They were sponsored
because they believed
they were using a Ouija board
to communicate with aliens
from beyond the veil.
What are aliens doing
using a Ouija board?
Again, when we
strip this away, we
start looking at
the common factors.
This is part of the document.
And red flag, after red
flag, after red flag
was coming through this
particular documentation.
Communication with
alleged distant sources
was always
accomplished in English
almost without exception.
A variety of topics was covered
from sociology, government,
economics, warfare, crime,
medicine, engineering,
and science.
Have we heard that
before from Greece?
Another red flag
was when they were
pressed on technical
issues, the communications
suddenly broke down.
And this is always something
that we tended to see.
When we wanted more information,
when we needed more information
to clarify where that knowledge
was coming from, they back off.
When we become suspicious of
what they are or who they are,
they back off.
There is an exceptionally
high level of deception
that is required to fool us to
accept what's coming through,
so that we will
take that direction.
Now there is
unconfirmed reports that
suggest Carl Jung had spoke to
a delegation of the US military
when addressing
the UFO phenomenon.
And he stated, we may be looking
at a mass Babylonian death
ritual.
And that's one way of
looking at it I suppose.
But when we consider 20
years later after Douglas,
a rival company did
engineer the A380
and then went on to develop
AI weapons platforms called
ASTARTES, a nod possibly to the
Mesopotamian goddess of war,
Astarte.
So the clues are
there in front of us.
It's whether we
choose to see them.
Now I have to say
that the shining ones,
the shining ones are what
I would call my nemesis.
And they're often
called the bright ones.
And they usually appear
above or in the vicinity
of rocky outcrops
and stone plateaus
and most notably in caves.
And here we should consider
the stone connection
because we also find a lot
of paranormal phenomena
also appearing around stony
plateaus, outcrops, and caves.
We also find ufology is
connected to it as well.
And I should address the
encounter at Medjugorje.
I'm not sure if everyone
is aware of Medjugorje over
in Eastern Europe.
But it was a place where
children were coming back
and had this
encounter where they
saw the shining one in the hill,
which is now called Our Lady.
And she delivered messages to
them and does so every Tuesday.
And this has continued
over the years.
But for us to understand these
encounters with the shining
ones, we have to understand
the 20-second rule.
No, we do.
Now when we go back
and we strip away
what Medjugorje has
become now and not getting
involved with the politics.
What I want to concentrate on
is the phenomenon, initially.
The way it began.
Because in the beginning,
when this being
appeared on the hill, the
children were frightened.
The children were
stunned in fear.
That was the clue as to
what this phenomena was,
where it was coming from.
Now it's become something
completely different.
Lourdes in 1858 was another one.
St. Bernadette's.
When this being appeared
in the cave system,
she referred to
it as that thing.
Now later on, the
Church, of course,
took that and smoothed it
out and became Our Lady.
But St. Bernadette
referred to it
in the initial
stages as that thing.
She did not know who the
hell she was looking at.
It was actually
smaller than her.
The images, the
models, and statues
that were created
following that she
was very distraught
about because she said,
that's not what I saw.
But of course, there
were plans on power
to control folks
and everything else.
And that's what it became today.
But it's interesting
that we do have
people who go to that
location and still have
a negative effect.
They don't want to be there.
Sensitive school there, and
they have that experience.
And that's still
happening today.
Now it should be pointed out
that in a wonderful book called
Gods, Demons, and the Symbols
of Ancient Mesopotamia
by Jeremy Black
and Anthony Green,
they state in
ancient Mesopotamia,
the gods exuded malam and nay.
And malam was a light
that was terrifying.
There, the children
were stunned.
It was terrifying
and awe-inspiring,
whilst nay was described
as a creeping of the flesh.
That's what an appearance of
the shining one really does.
And that's something we need
to be very, very aware of.
And behind the deception of
what they portray themselves
to be our instincts,
our gift of discernment
can direct us to you're not
telling me everything to yes,
I can accept what you're saying.
And if there is any
doubt, whatsoever, folks,
we should be telling
them to get on their bike
and get the hell out of there.
But back in 2017, Pope
Francis, of course,
was on a flight back to Rome.
And he was interviewed
about Medjugorje.
And he made a comment
about the Mother of Jesus
who was appearing every
Tuesday delivering messages.
He said, she is
not a postmistress.
And he was pretty much on power.
Now, of course, they have
got their own thing going on
as well.
But it was
interesting that there
are particular folks in the
Vatican and former members
of the Vatican, such as, I
can't remember his name now.
He was an Irish exorcist.
He even he even was convinced
that Medjugorje was actually
demonic.
So people are going here
and offering themselves
up to this particular energy.
But the aspect of demon is
another mask to the phenomena.
So we shouldn't
get lost in that.
And so that's what was
happening with the shining ones.
Now the tech, what we tend
to see, the technology that's
being used, there
is a difference
between in UFOs
between the 1800s
to what we're experiencing now.
Earlier today, I spoke about
that particular attack,
or it was yesterday.
I can't remember.
About the fact that our
technology, although it's
fantastic in what it
does, and the speed,
and the trajectory
in which it travels,
its output of microwaves
and everything else
is exceptionally high.
So for anyone, and
there are documentation
there to support this,
that for the folks that
get within 100 feet of our
technology, that 10% of those
are dead within seven years.
That's how extreme
our technology is.
It's exceptionally advanced.
But we have not figured
out the shielding.
That's maybe something
we should work on.
Now in regards to
the ancient stuff,
it's very, very different.
Very, very subtle.
And this brings us back
to how they see us.
Because as I said, how they
see us or how we see the light
that emanates from our
faces 1,000 times less
than what we can see, but
we're picking up on it.
There's something that was
picking up on the light
that we produce.
We walk into a room.
People will say, oh,
he lights up a room.
That is very, very
important to consider
when studying this phenomenon.
And especially
when we're looking
at this idea of this light.
And the subtlety of
the light is also
we find that subtlety of
the nature and the energy
that they are putting out.
It's very, very different.
Very minute.
And I am working with
an engineer in Germany.
And we're devising this
piece of technology,
which is designed to look
for particular spikes
that we expect to find within
the theological fields,
within the paranormal,
and within cryptids.
And this is a
technology, which is not
available as yet to the
greater research fields
because we need to
go through tests.
But we're expecting to
find that key signature.
That signature that spikes
when the phenomenon occurs.
And we can leave this technology
on site for up to a month.
And it'll collect that data.
That data that we
really valuably
need to understand
the phenomena.
So we're going to start
seeing this difference
and this understanding and
the technology, which is then
going to be coming forward to
the mainstream for us to use.
But as I say, when we
look at the technology
that we're creating
within the UFOs,
we should also note that
back in 2018, Steve and I
stood on the stage
of awakenings,
and we called the Tic Tac out.
We said, this is our technology.
Back in 2018, we did that.
And it should be noted that the
technology in itself, it really
forces us to look at what was
happening in San Diego when
the Tic Tac was breaking out.
The entire fleet
had been kitted out
to track high speed
objects over the horizon.
The Nimitz fleet were pulled
back and rewired for this.
And then they went out
and started finding this.
The technology was there.
Our technology is
there to track this.
And now moving
forward today, we find
that Russia is
making claims that it
has nuclear warheads that can
meet London in 200 seconds.
That's a high speed weapon.
You need a high
speed cure for that.
Well, we've already got that.
The technology is there.
It is our technology.
Scott Bray, he's the deputy
director of the US Naval
Intelligence, stated in a
congressional hearing in 2022
regarding footage of the UAPs.
We have detected no
emanations with the UAP Task
Force that would
suggest it is anything
non-terrestrial in origin.
Read between the lines.
I will repeat.
We have detected no
emanations with the UAP Task
Force that will
suggest it is anything
non-terrestrial in origin.
That's our technology.
Initially, we were copying them.
Now we've advanced.
We're making greater
moves than they are.
Now The Guardian newspaper.
This gets us now into
a very sticky area.
The Guardian newspaper
had said in March
the 11th 2017, had
run the headline,
the 1930s were humanity's
darkest and bloodiest hour.
Are you paying attention?
Not quite, I would suggest.
We have been much worse.
When we go back and we
look at the Marian library,
the resources there
of the Marion Library
or the International
Marian Research
Institute in Dayton, Ohio, I
was able to put the figures
on my nemesis on the shining
ones and their appearances
across the world.
And it was interesting
to see when
we started pulling the figures
and placing them together
that within the last century,
World War I, World War
II, Korean War, Bosnian War,
the global war on terrorism,
predominantly, the shining
ones were appearing
in negative magnetic anomalies.
The shining ones
were appearing there
where the blood was
going to be spilled.
Now in the 1970s,
we should really
address this CE5 because
we've really been
talking about the paranormal.
But we tend to see other
areas of the paranormal slip
into the ufology field as well
because we are technically
looking at the same thing.
Students from the
University of Indiana
devised a plan to contact
UFOs without truly,
truly understanding
the phenomena.
They were using the usual
flashlight up into the sky,
and flashing away,
and making contact.
However, when they
established primary contact
with the nocturnal lights
in several occasions,
a bizarre series
of events followed
that reflected the findings of
the scientific investigation
by the Livermore Laboratories
in the United States described
by Russell Tariq.
Now I should point out
that the Scole Experiments,
during that five-year
series of experiments,
there was manifestations
of UFOs, miniature UFOs
within the seance room.
There was manifestations
of bodily parts.
of various other phenomena
that was occurring.
And even within that particular
experiment on the screen of one
of the video cameras appeared
the face of a grey alien.
What on Earth is a grey alien
doing in the seance room?
And that particular
alien became known
as Blue because of the
blue hue in the screen.
And as the experiments continued
within the Scole Experiment,
the communication
came to an end.
It was drawn to an end
for various reasons.
But we were informed that there
would be no more communication
with the spirit guides,
with the spirit team,
or with the beings that
were beyond the other side.
That was fair enough.
The experiment came to
a close, but I have it
on good authority that
Blue didn't go away.
And later on, Blue was
making his appearance
in seance rooms in Spain.
So again, we were told
to lie within that.
Again, the deceit
is very much there.
Now within the
Livermore Laboratories
back also in the 1970s,
the scientists there
were making the same
type of progress,
but they were also experiencing
the same phenomena.
In particular, one
body part appeared,
and it was an arm,
just like in--
oops.
There's one over there.
Just like in the Scole
Experiment, the arm appeared.
But instead of a hand on
the end, it had a hook.
And this was rotating in the
air as if showing itself off
in broad daylight.
Not the darkness of a seance
room, which we're told spirits
need the darkness.
They didn't need it back in
the Livermore laboratories.
They were appearing
in broad daylight,
another deceptive aspect
to the phenomenon.
The arm appeared in the bedrooms
of some of the scientists.
The scientists were
having serious problems
because the phenomena
was following them back
to their rooms, to their homes.
As they were lying in bed, there
were strange animals appearing
at the foot of the
bed, large birds
were appearing that didn't
exist in our reality.
These things were appearing
in broad daylight.
It got to the stage with
the scientists believed they
were going absolutely nuts.
They were losing their touch,
their grounding of reality,
and the experiments had to end.
So that's what was
happening there.
And we were seeing
this discrepancy
of how this phenomena appears.
Now the students began to
experience rapping sounds.
Hollow, disembodied voices.
Furious pounding in the walls.
Physical attacks
also began to happen.
And again, we start seeing
this crossover of phenomena.
So we've gone from UFOs into
the world of the paranormal.
And ultimately,
everything is connected.
Some experience the
awakening in the night
to find strange,
dark-clothed men
standing in their apartments.
But radios and TVs
would switch on
and when nobody was
near them, leading
them to abandon the
experiments, just
like Livermore Laboratories.
Now years later, of course,
the experiment organizer
concluded that they tapped
into some sort of energy.
They suspected that this energy
had been present on Earth.
And this led two of the
team members disappearing.
Why?
I don't know.
One becoming deeply
involved in the occult.
Another committing suicide,
and another turned to religion.
So there are side effects to
us getting involved with this,
and we need to understand our
body's defenses, our signals
that come through it.
How we can enhance
those signals, and also
what we should be
looking at for.
The exceptional level of
deceit that comes through
needs to be broken down.
We cannot accept the
phenomena on face value.
We have to stop that
right across the board.
And we have to challenge it.
Now unfortunately,
what I also discovered
is when we start challenging
the phenomena, it steps back.
And my take on this is if
the entity, the energy,
the being whatever the case may
be, if it has nothing to hide,
then it shouldn't mind
the extra question.
The Columbo question.
One more thing.
But it does.
What we tend to see
time and time again
is that this phenomena does
not want to be discovered.
And it will move off
when we challenge it
in the truest sense.
And the final words
I have to say really
go to fellow
researcher, RW Bush.
In 1984, he wrote an
amazing piece called UFOs
caught in the web of deception.
And he said, the
true shepherd goes
through the main gates instead
of jumping over the fence.
The real homeowner walks
through the front door instead
of climbing through the window.
And the man who wants
to tell us the truth,
even if he comes
from another planet,
broadcasts it openly
instead of whispering it
into the ears of
helpless captives
in the middle of the night.
That speaks volumes, folks.
And within the book of The
Deception of Gods and Man,
I go into the details.
Brian and I both go into the
details of this phenomena.
How it has worked with
us over the centuries.
How we have been
manipulated to a high degree
by the phenomenon in
all its multifacets.
The masks that it
has appeared in,
we have to kick it to the curb.
That is deeply important
that we do that.
Because by doing
that, then we're
able to track it
by the phenomena.
That phenomena
stretches back eons.
All the way back into the
Fertile Crescent and beyond.
We lose that phenomena
because the written text
disappears at that point.
So we can track that phenomenon.
And by doing that,
we have the wisdom.
We have the experience.
And today, we live in a society
in which we decide that, well,
I have lived 50 odd years.
I haven't had this experience.
So it doesn't exist.
Yet we ignore the thousands of
years of research and knowledge
that our ancestors
have left for us carved
in manuscripts and
stone, all the way back
to the Fertile Crescent.
We decide, in our
arrogance, I don't see it.
It doesn't exist.
As I say in one of my books,
because we go to India
and don't see a tiger doesn't
mean there are no tigers.
Folks, thank you very much.
And I'll be at the back for
more questions if you need any.